
LinGEO is the easy English to Georgian translator. 
Database holds 60632 english words with accurate Georgian translations. 

LinGEO offers easy search functionality just type the symbol and matched words will be shown immediately. 
Application offers detailed view of the search words with transcription and all possible Georgian translations. 

Words of interest can be bookmarked and reviewed later. Bookmarked words are grouped in alphabetical order that greatly simplifies navigation and management. 
Bookmarks can be removed later from bookmarks view or bookmark detail view. 

LinGEO is great not only for native speaking Georgians who are interested improving their English knowledge but it can be very helpful for non Georgian speakers who are interested in Georgian language. 

Features 
* One touch keyboard 
* Bookmarking

- iOS 4.0 support - multitasking 
- Email bookmarks 
- New look and feel 
- Add georgian pronunciation 
- iPad support 


In version 1.2 added georgian pronunciation which uses [eSpeak](http://espeak.sourceforge.net/) speech synthesizer engine.

To integrate eSpeak engine in iOS or Mac OSX, please refer [PTeSpeak](https://github.com/lashad/PTeSpeak) Cocoa class.

LinGEO also available on AppStore [LinGEO](http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/lingeo/id331555944?mt=8)

Lingeo support page - [Code.ge](http://www.code.ge/lingeo)

LinGEO originally developed by Ioseb Dzmanashvili and contributed by Lasha Dolidze.


## License 

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2012 Ioseb Dzmanashvili and Lasha Dolidze.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
